hi everybody today I'm going to show you
the new way to see transcripts on
YouTube videos YouTube recently changed
the way that you can see the transcripts
and they've made it a lot easier so
here's how you do it you open up the
video you want then you scroll down to
the description now in the past you
would click onto these three dots to
view the transcript but that's totally
different now you do not click on the
three dots what you do is you go to the
description and click more then you
scroll all the way to the bottom of the
items in the
description and there you'll see a
little button that says show
transcript you click onto that button
and then YouTube takes you automatically
back up to the video and displays
transcript along the side of the video
and if we play the video we will see
that the transcript follows the
narration in the video and shows you all
of the timestamps between the psychology
of self self- exploration and the
psychology of human interaction all
rooted in history and modern cult so
that's how you see the transcript some
users want to remove the timestamps in
the transcript to do that you can click
these three dots click toggle timestamps
and then you see that the timestamps
have been removed one question that a
lot of YouTubers have is whether they
can view a video transcript in multiple
languages and unfortunately right now
the answer is often no because YouTube
does not autot translate
transcripts luckily YouTube does Auto
translate subtitles and captions just
not the transcripts so how do you know
the difference to see whether I can view
this transcript in other languages I'll
go to the bottom here and you see that
the language we're seeing the transcript
in is English if I click on to English
nothing happens there's no scroll down
there's no Arrow there's no other option
to click that's because English is the
only language that this transcript is
available in so here's a video from my
channel as you can see when I open the
video it first shows in English but
there's a scroll down arrow beside the
language if I click that Arrow I can see
all the different languages that this
video is available in so hopefully this
video has clarified how to open the
transcripts in YouTube as you're
watching videos